# Home Page

## Projects
I would like to post details about the courses and projects I have taken. Limited by the confidentiality agreement in universities, I cannot post the sourse code of some projects.


### Ongoing Projects
[Camera localization and AR Visualization for a Dermatology Diagnosis System](./Projects/Camera_localization.html)  
It is a new project just start recent days. 

The first part is localize a realsens D435 RGB-D camera by matching the depth image captured by the camera and a model generated by 3D reconstruction.  

Firstly, I decied to regiatrate the models. A potential method is getting FPFH feature to get the initial guess, then apply ICP algorithm to align the models by matlab lidar toolbox. However, that works terribly.   

I deicde to use open3d or PCL library to process for the next step. If you have any advice about that, please <a href="qihang_li@foxmail.com"> tell </a> me! Appreciate!
[Ultrasound-based Facet Joint Insertion Using AR System](./Projects/Facet_Joint_Injection.html)

### Undergraduate Projects
Final Year Project  
Robotics System Programming
Year 2 Project

## Courses
### 22 Fall
In 2022 Fall semester, I work as TA for Statistical Learning For Engineers course.  
[Computer Vision](./Courses_Projects/Computer_Vision_22Fall/Computer_Vision.html)   
[Artificial Intelligence](./Courses_Projects/Artificial_Intelligence/Artificial_Intelligence.html)    
[Machine Perception](./Courses_Projects/Machine_Perception/Machine_Perception.html)   
 
### 22 Spring
[Algorithms for Sensor-Based Robotics](./Courses_Projects/Algorithms_for_Sensor-Based_Robotics/ASBR.html)   
[Augmented Reality](./Courses_Projects/Augmented_Reality/AR.html)  
[Vision as Bayesian Inference](./Courses_Projects/Vision_as_Bayesian_Inference/VBI.html)

### 21 Fall
[Robot Devices, Kinematics, Dynamics, and Control](./Courses_Projects/RDKDC/RDKDC.html)  
[Statistical Learning For Engineers](./Courses_Projects/Statistical_Learning/Statistical_Learning.html)  
[Computer Vision](./Courses_Projects/Computer_Vision/Computer_Vision.html)

### Undergraduate


## Blogs
